Testing Universal Links (ios) (#6)
jeel38/owasp-mastg: demos/ios/MASVS-PLATFORM/MASTG-DEMO-0x70-3/MASTG-DEMO-0x70-3.md

---
platform: ios
title: Extracting the Universal Link Receiver Selector from the Binary
id: MASTG-DEMO-0070-3
code: [swift]
test: MASTG-TEST-0070-3
tools: [MASTG-TOOL-0129]
---

## Sample

> The Swift source code below demonstrates an insecure Universal Link receiver method. During a black-box assessment, testers do not have this source code and must extract the Objective-C method signatures embedded within the compiled binary to confirm the application implements this receiver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code snippet below demonstrates the extraction of the insecure Universal Link receiver method from the binary.
```

{{ ../MASTG-DEMO-0x70-1/MastgTest.swift }}

## Steps

1. Unzip the app package and locate the main app binary (@MASTG-TECH-0058), which in this case is `./Payload/MASTestApp.app/MASTestApp`.
2. Run `run.sh` to extract the strings and Objective-C selectors from the compiled binary using `rabin2` (@MASTG-TOOL-0129).

> 3. Check the output for the `application:continue:restorationHandler:` selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run `run.sh` to extract the strings and Objective-C selectors from the compiled binary using @MASTG-TOOL-0129.
```

{{ run.sh }}

## Observation

> The output confirms that the compiled binary contains the exact Objective-C selector required to intercept and process incoming Universal Links from the operating system.

Reviewer: Rewrite the observation, not according to the guidelines. 

Take this as a reference: https://github.com/OWASP/mastg/pull/3038/changes#diff-f60738d29b77815822088ff0496bb766ef3035d39a4581631e4ecd225b4966e7:~:text=MASTG%2DDEMO%2D0066-,MASTG%2DDEMO%2D0066.md,-output.txt

{{ output.txt }}

## Evaluation

The test fails (or rather, confirms the presence of the attack surface) because the `application:continue:restorationHandler:` selector is found inside the binary.

> Once this selector is identified, it triggers the next phase of analysis: the tester must decompile the binary (e.g., using Ghidra) or use dynamic instrumentation (Frida) to confirm whether the extracted URL payload is securely validated using `URLComponents` before the application processes it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test fails because the `application:continue:restorationHandler:` selector is found inside the binary.

```

Reviewer: and refer the [MASTG-0x70-1](https://github.com/jeel38/owasp-mastg/pull/6/changes#diff-6358f416c8c6434c1fbda0d1eeea9b41257483e57915882b6d66478c1e2be98a) demo evaluation of the lines 

<img width="1954" height="112" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0fb98582-2eea-4008-8174-9af9f0b0805e" />
